well now let's paint the part of
inside the eyes white
acrylic equal
ah
I remember you if they were rayon quoted if you
you went out with the black or the pencil
If you frame do not worry for that
we have the yellow to give you the
touch-ups needed
what a bear dries we paint him the
another because you have to give them two passes
while it dries I'm going to do the
tongue here I will use textile paint
red
and we are going to give him the little tongue that is
here we are going to see
textile paint when it dries
inflates then that gives you how well it goes
well now let's take advantage of what
that the joke is drying is not
waste time
we clean very very very well our
Brushes
that I have fine point with that I 'm going to
do
from inside the eyes
How are we going to do it well?
get a foothold and we're going to
make a circle
Now the eyes are optional to taste
of each and obviously if you want
make little eyes in love
and that's it, the eyes are like that
we wait for them to dry to put them
a little white dot in the meantime
I'm going to touch up the eyebrows the outline of
eyes and mouth so it looks good
jet black
and now we are going to mark the mouth well
while it dries we are here whistle
and meanwhile what are we going to do what
we put here in turn and it is better
it's drying we 're going to make the wings
we close our paintings so that
no accident will happen there
so do not give us the hard plague
meanwhile and now we are going to do the
rooms will occupy as wire
good while we already form our wing
we give you here to make it
Keep well and since we list
we are going to occupy hot silicone and go
to also get tulle
already good with our tour
how to make children
we see a piece of tule we measure more or
less
we cut the piece that we are going to occupy
obviously there you are measuring not me anymore
have so much I do not measure it but it is
good to measure it
we expose our tour here
and we have it there
while it is drying and now with the
hot silicone all around
of our wire we are going to put the
hot silicone
we place the tunnel
as they do on the turn our
our wing
the structure shown
He did it with that to not burn my eye
be very careful with working with silicone
hot I have had many people who
burn be careful
it was already ours and I saw that the
we have thus ready with textile paint
white or the color that you like him
let's put the whole contour
in this way in such a way that we are going
to stay our wings
A) Yes
our rooms do not stay like this and since
we have thus our rooms are not
let's place our bee
and sometimes I miss out there we're going to take advantage
we painted the ball of the eye of the
part of inside we put a dot and
then we are making it grow
and I remember something important in the eyes
are the windows of the soul so it's that
you depend on how objects do you
because it's going to give you all the fuss
French toast is ready for you bee
I decide you put my wings
I in my case decided to eat them here
right where it starts
the piggy eye
the nails well well well well we wait
to dry or cool as you say
if you have to support them because they are
cooling